Ok. Ok.
The show is over,
and it's still smoking.
I did this for a reason, al.
That would be?
Now the crowd knows
exactly what happens
when you overcharge a battery.
It swells up and does this.
Hey, guys. You seen
this month's detroit life?
Not yet.
Guess who's one of
the sexiest ten bachelors
in the city.
Someone we know?
Someone who works
on the show.
I bet it's marv.
I've always found marv
attractive.
Marv's ok,
but he's no vic.
It's not marv or vic.
It's al.
Who?
What?
Congratulations, al.
Thank you.
I must say I'm...
I'm very flattered.
I must say
I'm very frightened.
Listen to this. "what woman
wouldn't wanna cuddle up
With detroit's rugged
mr. Fix-it, al borland?"
"along with
his trademark humility,
"al displays
a quiet competence
And an understated
sense of humor."
So understated,
no one gets it.
Obviously someone did.
Huh?
"his big, beaming smile
Matches his big,
beaming behind."
It doesn't say that!
Well, it should.
Well, wait a minute.
You're in here.
What's it say?
"as usual, the borland charm
is a much-needed antidote
To the overblown
macho displays
Of the accident-prone host
tim taylor."
(mock laughter)
Accident-prone.
Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow!
All right,
give me another problem.
Ok. "bill's car goes
40 miles per hour.
"mary's car goes
60 miles per hour.
How long will it take
for each of them
to go 120 miles?"
All right. What size motors
do they have?
What?
Well, is it automatic
or manual transmission?
That's gotta make
a difference.
Dad.
The answer is
bill, three hours,
mary, two.
Thanks.
I shouldn't be helping you
with your math homework
anyway.
You're not.
All right, what's
your english assignment?
Well, I have to do a report
on the most interesting person
I know.
(sighs)
I was born in middle michigan.
It was an autumn birth.
A breech baby. It was
a really difficult birth...
Dad.
Dad, I'm not sure you're
the most interesting person
I know.
I'm not sure
he's the most interesting
person in this room.
Maybe I'll do wilson.
Wilson?
What interesting thing
is he gonna tell you?
Well, how about his dinner
with einstein?
Wow! He had dinner
Really overrated guy.
If he knew so much
about gravity,
How come his hair
stood up like that?
You should write the story
about me.
I think I'll stick
with wilson.
Hi, guys.
Hi, mom.
Hi, honey. Hey, brad.
Who's the most interesting man
that you know?
Wilson.
Did you see this magazine?
Al was voted one of
the ten sexiest bachelors
in detroit.
Yeah, I saw it.
Where is it? There.
Which explains why
all the single women I saw
were heading towards cleveland.
I can see how some women
would find al sexy.
I guess if you never saw
another man before.
You just don't get it.
Sexiness is something
that comes from the inside.
It's something
that you exude.
Well, it's my opinion
that anything al exudes
Should stay on the inside.
Does everybody know
what time it is?
Tool time!
That's right. Binford tools
is proud to present
Tim "the tool man" taylor.
Whoo-hoo!
Thank you, everybody,
and welcome to tool time.
I am tim "the tool man" taylor,
and you all know my assistant
al "I wish I..."
(cheering)
Well, I guess we all read
the article, didn't we?
I love you, al.
Thank you.
It's gosh darn nice
to have all you ladies
in the audience with us today.
You'll enjoy the show,
'cause we're gonna talk
about french doors today.
We wanna talk about al.
Yeah.
Well, actually,
al and french doors
share something in common.
They're both things
I like to slam.
The important thing to remember
about putting in doors
Is you want to secure 'em,
straighten 'em up,
Plumb 'em and make sure that
they're in there straight.
Could you move so we could
get a better view of al?
Is this better?
Well, now I can't see.
Ladies, this is
a tool show, ok?
All right?
We're gonna use shims here,
as he hammers 'em in
to make sure the...
Excuse me.
Could I ask a question?
Oh, gosh darn it,
why not?
Has al ever been married?
If we're gonna
ask questions,
They should be
about french doors.
Would al be more likely
to marry someone
Who had french doors?
Actually, I'm partial to women
with all sorts of doors.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Dutch doors,
sliding glass doors...
Keep going.
Any other kind of doors?
No.
All right -
What kind of windows
does al like in a woman?
Actually, I'm partial
to bay or louvered.
Or broken.
And I would like
to thank jill
For introducing me
to ilene.
And, ilene, here's to
another great 15 months.
It's been the happiest
15 months of my life.
That is so romantic.
Sure is. I want pork.
Hi. I'm shelly,
And I'll be your waitress
this evening.
I'm single,
I want a relationship
And I like long walks
on the beach.
I'm starving, I want pork
and I'd like a glass of water.
We have some
lovely appetizers
this evening.
May I recommend
the raw oysters?
Are they fresh?
I shucked them myself.
Sounds great.
I'll have that.
I'll have the -
Shelly,
we're hungry, too.
She just took one
of her long walks.
(laughs)
(women imitate shelly)
"I shucked them myself."
(tim laughs)
Everywhere we go,
the women have been flocking
to his flannel.
They haven't.
Really?
And there's nothing worse
in this world
Than a flagrant
flannel flocker.
Excuse me. I don't mean
to interrupt,
But, mr. Borland,
I just have to tell you
You're even more handsome
than you were in the magazine.
Can I have your autograph?
Please, call me al.
I'm such a fan of your show.
Well, that's very gratifying
to hear.
Tim and I always try
to do our best.
Who's tim?
Oh.
Bye.
Uh, excuse me, miss.
You forgot something.
She didn't
forget anything, al.
She just gave you
her phone number.
Can you believe that woman?
I mean, she could see
that you were with him.
She's going for al.
Maybe she can't see.
Anyway, ilene,
tell us what's going on
In the fast-paced world
of orthodontia.
Oh, it's very exciting.
I just got back from
a symposium on overbites,
And the most interesting thing
happened.
What are you doing, al?
Waving.
I'm in the middle of a story.
Well, I was just being polite.
I feel I have a responsibility
to my public.
Your public? A few days ago
you didn't have a public.
Well, yes, I did.
They just didn't know
who I was.
You know, the way you're acting
I'm not sure I know who you are.
Well, I'm still
the same old al borland.
Hey.
Excuse me. I'm going
to the ladies' room.
Ilene, I... I didn't...
I think, um,
I'll go with you.
I'm right behind you,
girls.
I suppose I can hold it.
What is ilene
so upset about?
Let me give you
a little piece of advice.
When you're out with ilene,
next time you wave
at a strange woman,
You'd better be riding
in a float in a parade.
Well, it's not my fault
that...
That all these women are
paying attention to me.
Oh, yeah, you're a real
babe magnet right now.
I wouldn't go that far.
Hello.
Hello, I'm al magnet.
I-I mean, al...
Al borland,
And it's very nice
to meet you.
Christine dempsey.
Christine.
Sorry to bother you,
but, um, I've broken my heel,
And I read about how good
you are with your hands.
You know, I have a tool kit
for just such an emergency.
He also has an emergency
inflatable raft
In case the kitchen floods.
Ha-ha!
You know, the kitchen...
Kitchen?
Oh, boy.
You have a very lovely foot.
A very lovely knee.
And a heck of a thigh.
I wouldn't go any higher, al.
Your hands are so warm.
Well, I've always had
very good circulation.
You're about ready to be put
out of circulation, al.
Al!
I-I'm sorry, um...
Uh, christine. Um...
Ilene, christine.
Christine, ilene.
Ilene is my friend.
Your friend?
I'm your friend?
My good friend.
Girlfriend.
Girlfriend. That's the word
I was - I was looking for.
Al, what is happening
to you?
You were flirting
with all these other women.
It's like
I don't even exist.
Ilene, that's not true!
It's...
Oh... Excuse me, please.
(sexy voice) hi, al.
Sir?
Need more butter.
Well... I think that
they're talking out there.
I cannot believe
that he acted that way.
He was flirting
with every woman
in this place.
Those women were
coming on to him.
He's like a completely
different person.
Which is good.
Usually on Saturday night,
he's out clog dancing
with his mother.
He's starting to act
like a normal guy.
You think it's normal
to ignore a woman
On your 15-month anniversary?
I don't think it's normal
To celebrate
a 15-month anniversary.
Give the guy a break.
He's just living out
every guy's fantasy.
Excuse me?
Every guy's fantasy?
Every guy's fanta...
Single guys.
You know, married guys
don't have fantasies.
They're taken away from them.
It's a good thing,
'cause then you get to,
you know,
Give all your attention
to your wife, you know,
year after year.
You know,
month in, month out,
Day after day
until you're dead.
You've just swept me
off my feet all over again.
Where's al?
He left.
Ohh!
Wait. Shelly,
we could use the -
You're killing your tip, shel.
If you're not gonna finish
any of that, you know...
Tim! Sorry.
Well, ilene
just refused to talk to me.
She got in the cab and left.
Well, I don't blame her.
Now, get in your car
and go after her.
I'm not sure
I wanna do that.
I wouldn't, either.
You didn't do
anything wrong.
No, I didn't.
That's not
what you think,
is it, tim?
It's not?
No.
What do you think?
I don't know. Ask her.
He thinks that
ever since you read
that magazine article
That you've lost that -
that teddy-bear quality
we all love.
He still has that.
Every girl in detroit wants
to squeeze the stuffing
out of him.
That's right.
Everywhere...
Tim, I think that
you should tell him
If he keeps behaving
like this,
He's going to lose ilene,
and she is the best thing
that ever happened to him.
She is the only thing
Well, that's not true.
Would you please be serious
and just talk some sense
into him?
You want me to tell him
that being wanted by every girl
in detroit is a bad thing?
Yes.
And do that
with a straight face?
Yes.
Al...
I can't say that.
I can't do it.
You're just gonna sit there
and not say anything?
I'll say something.
Al, call the waitress.
Tell her we want pork.
(♪ long low note)
What are you doing,
wilson?
Randy, I'm making
an alpenhorn.
You see, in switzerland
they use these to herd sheep.
Are you getting a sheep?
Actually, I'm making it
to play in the local
alpenhorn quintet,
And you boys are welcome
to come out this Saturday,
Be my guests at the annual
horn and yodel fest.
Sounds like a rockin'
good time, wilson,
But I'm already going
to that clarinet
and noodle fest.
Hey, wilson,
can I talk to you?
Well, yes.
I'm all ears, mark.
I have this report due
On the most interesting person
I know, and I picked you.
Why, mark,
I am so flattered.
Did you really know einstein?
Oh, I not only knew him,
I had dinner
with the great scientist.
Wow.
Oh, yes, indeed.
It was over appetizers
That he regaled me
with his theory of relativity,
And then
when the main course came,
He spoke
of other great theories.
Mark, are you familiar
with photons?
Sure. I slept on one
at my friend jimmy's house.
No, mark, I think
you're speaking of futons.
See, according to einstein,
Light consists of
energy packets called quanta,
Which later became known
as photons.
Well, that's great, wilson,
but can you tell me something
about him that's interesting?
You know, mark,
I'm thinking physics
may not be your cup of tea.
Mark, what are you
interested in?
Oh, lots of things -
cars, tools, sports.
Hey, guys.
You know, mark,
I may not be the person
you want to speak to
about this.
Gotcha, wilson.
Hey, dad.
What, son?
Have you ever had dinner
with any interesting people?
Oh, you bet.
Felix myman, the great plumber.
You see, mark, see,
that's a lot more interesting
Than einstein
and his theory of relativity.
Right. Felix had a theory
called "clogativity."
It has to do with
toilet paper and toilets.
Cool!
It's a smelly theory,
but it's really kinda neat,
you know?
He came up with this thing -
With enough air pressure,
you can shatter porcelain
with one blast.
Tim.
Where have you been?
You gotta hear what happened
to me when I got home from
the restaurant last night.
Al, you're an hour late.
Well, I had a lot of calls
to return from my admirers.
It's a good thing
I got this cellular phone.
Cellular phone, al?
That's right.
Oh, and listen,
if anybody asks,
Here's my number.
Ok, I'll drop it off
at the pound.
(laughs) good one.
So, anyway, when I get home,
in the parking garage,
Two women are waiting for me.
Twins.
Maybe they needed
a place to park, al.
Well, they wanted
to park al, all right.
Those women really wanted
to get their hands
On "detroit's
rugged mr. Fix-it,"
And who could blame them?
Can you hand me that
sledgehammer for a minute?
Why?
See if I can pound your head
back to the normal size.
I'm telling you,
these women really wanted
to get ahold of me.
And a part of me wanted
to get ahold of them.
Borland.
Well, what would you do
if you were single
And all these women were
paying attention to you?
Oh, I'll tell you
what I'd do.
Uh-huh.
Twins?
(laughs)
That's right.
It's becoming clear
That it's a really -
it's a big world out there,
And I shouldn't limit myself
to just ilene.
Boy, I hate to admit it,
but I think jill's right.
About what?
Remember
before ilene came along,
Your black book consisted
of one phone number -
your mom's?
Well, that's all changed now.
Why is it all changed now?
Because of one stupid
magazine article?
No.
Did you really read it?
Did you notice they put
one zero extra on your salary?
They d...
Oh, you carry it around
with you?
Oh, man.
So this is why everybody
was paying attention to me?
No, that's not
the only reason.
Yes. Yes, it is.
No, it's not. They picked you
as most eligible bachelor
Because of a lot
of other reasons.
That's just a typo.
I mean, you are a good
hard-working guy.
You're ha-handsome
in a way, you know.
Hey, if I were
a woman, I...
Tim...
Yeah, you're right.
The point is
there's a woman
That's always
found you sexy,
And she didn't have to
read it in a magazine.
Yeah. And ilene
was the first one
To recognize my understated
sense of humor.
Bingo.
Tim, do you mind
setting up by yourself?
Al, I am setting up
by myself.
I gotta talk to ilene.
I... I've really made a mistake.
Did you get any pictures
of those twins?
Hi.
Is ilene here?
She's tightening some braces.
I'll wait.
See you next week, tiffany.
Bye-bye.
Al!
Hi.
What are you doing here?
I came to apologize
for last night.
You're my girlfriend,
And I never wanted to do
anything to make you upset.
Come on, tiffany.
I know that I've really been
full of myself lately.
Yes, you have.
And it's just that
nothing like this
Has even remotely
ever happened to me
before. I...
I mean, it's... I've never
been popular like this,
And I just didn't know
how to handle it.
So what are you saying, al?
Well, I'm saying that...
Detroit's...
Sexiest bachelor...
Would really like to be
With detroit's
sexiest orthodontist.
Oh, al.
(ringing)
He's unavailable.
Oh, hi, tim. Hold on.
It's for you.
I told you never
to call me here.
I always wanted to say that.
(tim whistles) al.
Al? Could we? Al.
Al.
I'll be right there.
Al! Al.
Tim needs me.
(mouths)
The teacher gave me
a tough one today.
It's about money.
Hmm. What's the problem?
All right, "sam has $8,
billy has nothing."
Wait, wait, wait.
Should use real money.
Eight bucks?
Yeah.
4, 5, 6... Cool.
All right, go ahead.
All right.
I'll be sam. You be billy.
"sam gives billy
50% of what he has."
That's $4.
1, 2, 3, 4.
Thanks, sam.
All right.
"now billy gives sam
50% of what he has."
That's 2 out of the 4.
Ok. 1, 2.
That's pretty simple. Ok.
All right.
"now, if sam gives billy
100% of what he has left...
All right.
...How much does sam have?"
Nothing.
Exactly. Thanks, sam.
Sam wasn't a real bright guy,
was he?
I'm partial to women
with all kinds of doors.
Dutch doors,
sliding glass doors...
Well, I think we've...
Garage doors. Back doors.
Well, let's finish up...
Side doors...
Side doors. That's good.
Well, actually
I like bay or louvered.